Add new argument to Provider configuration to ignore metadata entries (#1057)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/index.html.markdown

* `import_separator` - (Optional; *v2.5+*) The string to be used as separator with `terraform import`. By default
  it is a dot (`.`).

* `ignore_metadata_changes` - (Optional; *v3.10+*) Use one or more of these blocks to ignore specific metadata entries from being changed by this Terraform provider
  after creation or when they were created outside Terraform.
  See ["Ignore Metadata Changes"](#ignore-metadata-changes) for more details.

## Ignore metadata changes

One or more `ignore_metadata_changes` blocks can be optionally set in the provider configuration, which will allow to ignore specific `metadata_entry`

> items during `plan`, `updates-in-place` and `destroy` (**not** `create`). This is useful, for example, to avoid removing metadata entries that were created

Reviewer: How can this affect `destroy`?
Doesn't `destroy` affect the whole resource, regardless of its contents?

Author: This is wrong indeed. I've changed the whole sentence to avoid specifying the operations.

by an external actor or after they were created by Terraform.

~> Note that this feature is only considered when using the `metadata_entry` argument in the resources and data sources that support

> it. In other words, to ignore metadata when you are using the deprecated `metadata` argument, please use the native Terraform `lifecycle` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it. In other words, to ignore metadata when you are using the deprecated `metadata` argument, please use the native Terraform `lifecycle.ignore_changes` block.
```

Author: Fixed

~> Be aware that setting a `metadata_entry` in your Terraform configuration that matches any `ignore_metadata_changes` can produce inconsistent

> results, as the metadata will be stored in state but nothing will be done in VCD. You can control what to do in this situation with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results, as the metadata will be stored in state but nothing will be done in VCD. 
Using `ignore_metadata_changes` with matching metadata entries in your code is NOT recommended.
In the event that your code contains such conflict, though, ou can control the ensuing action with
```

Author: Changed!

`conflict_action`, which can be `error`, `warn` or `none`.

The available sub-attributes for `ignore_metadata_changes` are:

* `resource_type` - (Optional) Specifies the resource type which metadata needs to be ignored. If set, the resource type must be one of:
  *"vcd_catalog"*, *"vcd_catalog_item"*, *"vcd_catalog_media"*, *"vcd_catalog_vapp_template"*, *"vcd_independent_disk"*, *"vcd_network_direct"*,
  *"vcd_network_isolated"*, *"vcd_network_isolated_v2"*, *"vcd_network_routed"*, *"vcd_network_routed_v2"*, *"vcd_org"*, *"vcd_org_vdc"*, *"vcd_provider_vdc"*,
  *"vcd_storage_profile"*, *"vcd_vapp"*, *"vcd_vapp_vm"* or *"vcd_vm"*, which are the resources compatible with `metadata_entry`.

> * `object_name`- (Optional) Specifies the name of the object which metadata needs to be ignored. All object types are supported, except for

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this should be `resource_name`

Author: Changed

* `import_separator` - (Optional; *v2.5+*) The string to be used as separator with `terraform import`. By default
  it is a dot (`.`).

> * `ignore_metadata` - (Optional; *v3.10+*) Use one or more of these blocks to ignore specific metadata entries.

Reviewer 2: I feel we're missing something like "... from being managed by this Terraform provider".

When you first see this feature without context the above is not instantly clear.

Same ask for the variable's description in the schema.

Author: Done

items during `plan`, `apply` and `destroy`. This is useful, for example, to avoid removing metadata entries that were created
by an external actor and not by this provider.

~> Note that this feature is only considered when using the `metadata_entry` argument in the resources and data sources that support
it. In other words, to ignore metadata when you are using the deprecated `metadata` argument, please use the native Terraform `lifecycle` block.

-> To avoid side effects, you should only use this feature to deal with metadata not managed by this provider.
It is encouraged to avoid ignoring metadata that was created by a Terraform resource, as you could get unwanted updates or inconsistencies
in the state.

The available sub-attributes for `ignore_metadata` are:

* `object_type` - (Optional) Specifies the type of the object which metadata needs to be ignored. The object types must be declared
  as defined in the metadata endpoints of the [VCD API documentation](https://developer.vmware.com/apis/1601/vmware-cloud-director). For example,
  `catalog`, `media`, `disk`, `org`, `catalogItem`, `vAppTemplate`, `vdc`, `network`, `providervdc`, `vApp` (note this one is used

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 2: Thoughts:
1. The resource list needs to be exact and specific. It shouldn't be "for example". The reason is that we need to tell users which resources this is actual for.
2. I agree that it would be easier if these types mapped to Terraform resources. It would also be more managable and readable in HCL.

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 3: I agree with both suggestions, if possible we should try and use resource names instead of API objects, also specificity is very important, or every resource should have that information clearly stated in the documentation.

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Author: I had the same thought, as it simplifies the user experience, but maintaining this map ("resource name"->"metadata endpoint") is what pulled me back.
I'll do the changes and we can check.

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can utilize (or extend) resource list that @dataclouder had implemented earlier for holding this mapping? If the resource list already has some maintainable list/map, it's better to have everything in one place.

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Author: Done, I created a small function that handles the mapping.

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 2: I like the way it became easy to use with the `resource_type` field and all the familiar resource names!

@dataclouder are you OK with this being a separate metadata-centric function or should this be integrated into the `vcd_resource_list`/`vcd_resource_schema` framework?

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 4: I have attempted this new approach manually - I think this is much more convenient for users - thanks!

One observation to share - I think we should validate the `resource_type` field in `provider`. I can make a typo or put `sfSDFSDFSD` and then `resource_type` would be ignored (filtering applied to all resources/data source)

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer: > @dataclouder are you OK with this being a separate metadata-centric function or should this be integrated into the vcd_resource_list/vcd_resource_schema framework?
I don't see how this could be integrated into `vcd_resource_list`. They have different purposes

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Author: @Didainius Yes, that's a good idea. I think @adezxc also had [a similar one](https://github.com/vmware/terraform-provider-vcd/pull/1057#discussion_r1253302365), so you both have a point.
I have added a ValidateFunc to `resource_type`

>   for both vApps and VMs), etc.

Reviewer 4: I am closing this issue as I think we have it sorted now.

* `object_name`- (Optional) Specifies the name of the object which metadata needs to be ignored. All object types are supported, except for
  `vdcStorageProfile` which **cannot be filtered by name**.
* `key_regex`- (Optional) A regular expression that can filter out metadata keys that match. Either `key_regex` or `value_regex` are required on each block. 
* `value_regex`- (Optional) A regular expression that can filter out metadata values that match. Either `key_regex` or `value_regex` are required on each block.

Note that these attributes **are evaluated as a logical `and`**. This means that the snippet below would ignore all metadata entries
that belong to the specific Organization named "client1" **and** which keys match the regular expression `[Ee]nvironment`:

```hcl

> provider "vcd" {

Author: Good point, as it was done precisely for that :)
Added a dummy `vcd_org` with a metadata_entry block to illustrate that.

  *"vcd_network_isolated"*, *"vcd_network_isolated_v2"*, *"vcd_network_routed"*, *"vcd_network_routed_v2"*, *"vcd_org"*, *"vcd_org_vdc"*, *"vcd_provider_vdc"*,
  *"vcd_storage_profile"*, *"vcd_vapp"*, *"vcd_vapp_vm"* or *"vcd_vm"*, which are the resources compatible with `metadata_entry`.
  Any other resource type will not have effect.
* `object_name`- (Optional) Specifies the name of the object which metadata needs to be ignored. All object types are supported, except for
  `vdcStorageProfile` which **cannot be filtered by name**.
* `key_regex`- (Optional) A regular expression that can filter out metadata keys that match. Either `key_regex` or `value_regex` are required on each block. 
* `value_regex`- (Optional) A regular expression that can filter out metadata values that match. Either `key_regex` or `value_regex` are required on each block.

Note that these attributes **are evaluated as a logical `and`**. This means that the snippet below would ignore all metadata entries
that belong to the specific Organization named "client1" **and** which keys match the regular expression `[Ee]nvironment`:

```hcl
provider "vcd" {
  # ...
  ignore_metadata {

>     object_type = "org"

Author: Yes, thanks for spotting, it seems I forgot to replace it in the docs.
